---
layout: post
title: Calm Before the Storm
---

<h2>What did you do this past week?</h2>
This past week has been weirdly calm. Most of the assignments I usually get assigned and work on during the week has either been pushed back or wasn't assigned at all. It has been kind of unsettling not having to be constantly engaged with a full workload. Of course I'm not ungrateful for this rare reprieve from action.

I used this oddly peaceful week to not only get some much needed rest in, but I also got the chance catch up on my readings and get some quality studying in.

<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
Studying for a computer science course has always been somewhat of odd process for me. From personal experience, I've come to learn that it is definitely something that needs to be learned actively. Reading about a language or a process just isn't the same as using it as part of a project and getting some hands on experience. That being said, studying for this upcoming exam has proven to be quite difficult.

I've looked over the past two projects to make sure the lessons I've learned along the way have stayed with me. I've also looked over the materials posted online as well as the google doc of our lectures. However, I still feel oddly unprepared. Maybe it's time to get together with some of my classmate and group study. Group study is my secret weapon. Hopefully we will feel well prepared by the time Thursday rolls around.

<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
I will be studying some more. It would be foolish not to. Then, when the time comes, I will ace this test (hopefully).


<h2>Tip of the Week</h2>
I know many of you, like me, sit there and stare at your computer everyday for way longer than necessary. Here are [a few tips](http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/5-reasons-working-with-computers-is-bad-for-you-how-to-stay-healthy/) so that you don't develop bad habits over time.

