---
layout: post
title: After Spring Break
---

<h2>What did you do this past week?</h2>
My group and I got a head start on IDB2. It has been a pretty busy week, but we got a decent bit of it done. The team usually work separately and coordinate our work via slack and github. However I've discovered, unsurprisingly, that it is a lot easier to get work done when you are within a small vacinity of the majority of your team members. 

The virtue of working with the majority of your team present is that it's just easier to do quality work when you constantly have teammates double checking your code and easier to focus with your team there to prevent you from distractions. However, it is hard to coordinate the schedules of five people so that we can all meet at the same time for a decent amount of time to get quality work done.

<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
As always, the scale of the project is daunting. Even with it broken into parts, there always seems to be a lot that needs to be done. I definitely need to get more focused and get more work done.

<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Hopefully, my team and I will be finishing IDB2 on time this week. I am working on populating our database with the information we get through the different API's we are using for this assignment. It will be interesting to see how it turns out.

<h2>Tip of the Week</h2>
While on StumbleUpon, I recently found a blog that gives advice on how to use python for miscellaneous video projects like making gifs from videos and making vector animations with python. If you are into video editing and the like, you can chech it out [here](http://zulko.github.io/).

