---
layout: post
title: Hitting a Snag
---

<h2>What did you do this past week?</h2>
I have been working on the collatz project. It is decidedly harder than I had initially anticipated. The idea behind the 3n+1 program is fairly straight forward. However, the overhead on the project has me totally confused. I guess it will take some time for me to get adjusted to how software engineering actually works. 

This past week in class and working on the project outside of class has been really insightful. I am beginning to understand why all of this overhead is necessary in large scale projects. Setting up the all the different accounts took some time but it has been worth the effort. 

<h2>What's in your way?</h2>
The amount of overhead involved really just dampened my enthusiasm towards this project. Trying to set everything up according to the instructions, and getting Travis to build has been a real test of patience. Thankfully, no man is an island and I have good friends and TAs that have helped me traverse this maze of utter confusion. The quizzes have also been surprisingly challenging. I am ashamed to say that I have been doing less than stellar on them. It has occurred to me that I need to study more. It is a thought that, undoubtedly, had occurred to countless students before me, and will definitely be echoed by even more students for generations to come.

<h2>What will you do next week?</h2>
Next week I will be finishing up collatz. I am also planning to visit Chu Chu, one of our TAs, during her office hours to discuss this project some more. Hopefully I'll get some more insight on the systems we are using for this class. 

<h2>Tip of the Week</h2>
The career fair is coming up, if you need to brush up on a certain language or just your coding in general, [codewars.com](http://www.codewars.com) is a great way to hone your skills. It will keep up with the challenges you’ve completed, compare your code with other programmers’ code, and even let you make challenges for others. 


